# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile dev-requirements.in -o dev-requirements.txt
aiocsv==1.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auth0-python
    #   black
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchgod
asgi-correlation-id==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-exit-stack==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
asyncache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
auth0-python==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
better-exceptions==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
black==23.12.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asyncache
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
coverage==7.3.3
    # via
    #   coverage-badge
    #   pytest-cov
coverage-badge==1.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   auth0-python
    #   pyopenssl
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.105.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
graphene==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphene
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.18.1
    # via black
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
mysql-connector-python==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.21.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mysql-connector-python
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via
    #   -c constraints.in
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   auth0-python
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiomysql
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   auth0-python
pytest==7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-dotenv
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-asyncio==0.23.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-dotenv==0.5.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pendulum
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via pytest-dotenv
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   auth0-python
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   python-jose
rx==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   ecdsa
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asgi-correlation-id
    #   fastapi
structlog==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
time-machine==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pendulum
timing-asgi==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pendulum
ujson==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   auth0-python
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.24.0.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
watchgod==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
